Merge event's domain and name (#3749)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/event-api.md

using the same [data model](./data-model.md).

However, OpenTelemetry does recognize a subtle semantic difference between

> LogRecords and Events: Events are LogRecords which have a unique `name` that
> includes a `namespace`. The `namespace` and name are separated by a period.
> The unique `name` defined a particular class or type of event. All events with
> the same `name` follow the same schema which assists in analysis in observability
> platforms. Events are described in more detail in the
> [semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/docs/general/events.md).

Reviewer: Let's keep details about the form of `name` in the semantic conventions event document. Including the details here requires that we maintain duplicate (or overlapping) copies of the same information which have to be kept in sync with each other. Notice how the metric api [name](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/api.md#instrument-name-syntax) documentation omits details about [metric naming guidelines from the semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/docs/general/metrics.md). We should follow the same pattern.
```suggestion
LogRecords and Events: Events are LogRecords which have a `name` which uniquely defines a particular class or type of event. All events with the same `name` follow the same schema which assists in analysis in observability platforms. Events are described in more detail in the [semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/docs/general/events.md).
```

using the same [data model](./data-model.md).

However, OpenTelemetry does recognize a subtle semantic difference between

> LogRecords and Events: Events are LogRecords which have a `name` which uniquely defines a particular class or type of event. All events with the same `name` follow the same schema which assists in analysis in observability platforms. Events are described in more detail in the [semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/docs/general/events.md).

Reviewer: Can you use the [markdown style](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#markdown-style) recommendation of limiting lines to 80 characters?

* `logger` - the delegate [Logger](./bridge-api.md#logger) used to emit `Events`
  as `LogRecord`s.
* `event_domain` - the domain of emitted events, used to set the `event.domain`

>   attribute.

Reviewer: We'll want to address the reference to event.domain in the [versioning and stability](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/92360f14caae693112944c088536f9e972600bbb/specification/versioning-and-stability.md#L214-L215) document as well.
